c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Logintest.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Logintest.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Logintest.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Medical_Center.mdf
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Medical_Center_log.ldf
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Emp_Profile.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.ActionTracer.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.AddEmployeeForm.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.LogInForm.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.PatientProfile.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.ActionTracer.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.AddEmployeeForm.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Doctor_profile.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Examination.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.LogInForm.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Searcher.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Notes.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Nurse_Profile.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.PatientProfile.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.exe
C:\Users\Std\Desktop\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Logintest.exe.config
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\bin\Debug\Logintest.exe.config
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.ActionTracer.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.AddEmployeeForm.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Doctor_profile.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Examination.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.LogInForm.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Notes.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Nurse_Profile.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.PatientProfile.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.Properties.Resources.resources
I:\Private\MyFiles\lectures\Old Subjects\SWE2\SWE2s-LAB\Logintest\Logintest\obj\Debug\Logintest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
